Build out the MyST section of the getting started (#8371)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/intro/getting-started-with-sphinx.rst

   extensions = ['myst_parser']

> You can now continue writing your docs in `.md` files and it will work with Sphinx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now continue writing your docs in ``.md`` files and it will work with Sphinx.
```

> Read the `Getting started with MyST in Sphinx`_ for additional instruction.

Reviewer: this sentence looks incomplete?

```suggestion
Read the `Getting started with MyST in Sphinx`_ docs for additional instructions.
```
